Docs: Contributor Guide update subpages (#19939)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/contributors/document.md

# Documentation Contributions

A guide on how to get started contributing documentation to the Gutenberg project.

## Discussions

The [Make WordPress Docs blog](https://make.wordpress.org/docs/) is the primary spot for the latest information around WordPress documentation: including announcements, product goals, meeting notes, meeting agendas, and more.

> Real-time discussions for documentation take place in the `#docs` channel in [Slack](https://make.wordpress.org/chat). Weekly meetings for Documentation are on Mon at 54:00UTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Real-time discussions for documentation take place in the `#docs` channel in [Make WordPress Slack](https://make.wordpress.org/chat) (registration required). Weekly meetings for the Documentation team are on Mondays at 14:00UTC.
```

Pretty sure 14:00 is correct!

> The Gutenberg project uses Github for managing code and tracking issues. The main repository is at: [https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg).  To find documentation issues to work on, browse [issues with documentation label](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22%5BType%5D+Documentation%22+).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Gutenberg project uses GitHub for managing code and tracking issues. The main repository is at: [https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg).  To find documentation issues to work on, browse [issues with documentation label](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22%5BType%5D+Documentation%22+).
```

## Documentation Types

There are two major sets of documentation for Gutenberg project:

> 1. [User documentation](https://wordpress.org/support/article/wordpress-editor/) is information on how to use the Editor as an author publishing posts. For contributing to user docs, follow docs blog above to see priorities. Ask in #docs channel for latest list of priorities for user docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [User documentation](https://wordpress.org/support/article/wordpress-editor/) is information on how to use the Editor as an author publishing posts. For contributing to user docs, follow the docs blog, or ask in the #docs Slack channel, to understand the current priorities.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 2. [Block Editor Handbook](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/) is everything related to the Gutenberg project including: developing, extending, and--what you are reading right now--contributing specific to Gutenberg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Block Editor Handbook](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/) is everything related to the Gutenberg project including: developing, extending, and—what you are reading right now—contributing specific to Gutenberg.
```

The rest of this document covers contributing to the Block Editor Handbook.

## Block Editor Handbook Process

The Block Editor Handbook is a mix of markdown files in the `/docs/` directory of the [Gutenberg project repository](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/) and generated documentation from the packages.

An automated job publishes the docs every 15 minutes to the [Block Editor Handbook site](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/).

See [the Git Workflow](/docs/contributors/git-workflow.md) documentation for how to use git to deploy changes using pull requests.

### Update a Document

To update an existing page:

1. Check out the gutenberg repository.
2. Create a branch to work, for example `docs/update-contrib-guide`.
3. Make the necessary changes to the existing document.

> 4. Commit change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Commit your changes.
```

> 5. Create a pull-request with "Documentation" label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Create a pull request with "Documentation" label.
```
